Feature/1 initial version (#2)
AbsaOSS/generate-release-notes: README.md

Reviewer: We will need to add motivation and why this is "better" then https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/releasing-projects-on-github/automatically-generated-release-notes

Author: Prepared new chapter "Motivation" in README.md.

# Generate Release Notes Action

This GitHub Action automatically generates release notes for a given release tag by categorizing contributions into user-defined chapters based on labels. It streamlines the process of documenting new features, bug fixes, and breaking changes in your project releases.

## Prerequisites

Before we begin, ensure you have a GitHub Token with permission to fetch repository data such as Issues and Pull Requests.

## Setup and Usage

### Adding the Action to Your Workflow

Add the following step to your GitHub workflow:

```yaml

> - name: Generate Release Notes
>   uses: AbsaOSS/generate-release-notes@0.1.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- name: Generate Release Notes
  id: release_notes
  uses: AbsaOSS/generate-release-notes@0.1.0
```

Author: Changed.

  with:
    github_token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}

>     release_name: v${{ inputs.release_name }}

Reviewer: remove release name

Author: Removed.

# Generate Release Notes Action

This GitHub Action automatically generates release notes for a given release tag by categorizing contributions into user-defined chapters based on labels. It streamlines the process of documenting new features, bug fixes, and breaking changes in your project releases.

## Prerequisites

> Before you begin, ensure you have:
> - A GitHub account with appropriate permissions to access the repository.
> - A GitHub token with permissions to fetch repository data.

Reviewer: An account is not needed. The token can be associated with an organization.

```suggestion
Before we begin, ensure you have a GitHub Token with permission to fetch repository data such as Issues and Pull Requests.
```

## Setup and Usage

### Adding the Action to Your Workflow

Add the following step to your GitHub workflow:

```yaml
- name: Generate Release Notes
  uses: AbsaOSS/generate-release-notes@0.1.0
  with:
    github_token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}

>     release_name: v${{ steps.set_tag.outputs.tag }}

Reviewer: Don't force your implementation and use basics for examples

```suggestion
    release_name: v${{ inputs.release_name }}
```

## Setup and Usage

### Prerequisites

Before we begin, ensure you have a GitHub Token with permission to fetch repository data such as Issues and Pull Requests.

### Adding the Action to Your Workflow

Add the following step to your GitHub workflow:

```yaml
- name: Generate Release Notes
  id: release_notes
  uses: AbsaOSS/generate-release-notes@0.1.0
  with:
    github_token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
    chapters: '[
      {"title": "Breaking Changes 💥", "label": "breaking-change"},
      {"title": "New Features 🎉", "label": "enhancement"},
      {"title": "Bugfixes 🛠", "label": "bugfix"}
    ]'
    warnings: true

> ```

Reviewer: Please add echo example of printing out to STDOUT the release notes

Author: Added in commit - 42931a69714b0b9afc483184c985938d9bc67113.
